Change default to stop instead of down (#22)
exercism/development-environment: README.md

To stop everything, run:

```bash
docker-compose stop
```

> Alternatively, to stop everything _and_ remove all data (like the database), run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, to stop everything _and_ remove all data (including the database storage), run:
```
